Add the support for -webkit-text-security in Release 114 (#26817)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/114/index.md

#### Removals

### CSS

> - The [-webkit-text-security](/en-US/Web/CSS/-webkit-text-security) support has been successfully addressed in [Firefox bug 1826629](https://bugzil.la/1826629). Users can now utilize the `-webkit-text-security` CSS property to control the rendering of text security features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- The [-webkit-text-security](/en-US/Web/CSS/-webkit-text-security) property that lets you replace characters with shapes is now supported. You can now control the rendering of text security using this property. ([Firefox bug 1826629](https://bugzil.la/1826629)). 

```

Author: Thanks! I will make those updates shortly.

### CSS

> - The [-webkit-text-security](/en-US/Web/CSS/-webkit-text-security) property that lets you replace characters with shapes is now supported. You can now control the rendering of text security using this property. ([Firefox bug 1826629](https://bugzil.la/1826629)). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [-webkit-text-security](/en-US/Web/CSS/-webkit-text-security) property that lets you replace characters with shapes is now supported. You can now control the rendering of text security using this property. ([Firefox bug 1826629](https://bugzil.la/1826629)).
```
